is it just me or does this look like a
call to you no maybe it's just me you
know what maybe it's the music that's
the problem if we just switch up the
soundtrack if we put the same clip to
different music it won't look like a
cult at all shut the Cassie king who was
the good-looking red-haired girl there
singing in the crowd there are rumors
there were rumors there were rumors that
her relationship with Wayans young might
be more than merely professional all
these people are open about the fact
that they like live in the same
apartment and sometimes sleep in the
same bed but um you know I the notion is
going around that the relationship
between Cassie King and Wayans young the
relationship at the top of the
leadership of direct action everywhere
might have more to do with who Wayne is
sleeping with than any kind of democracy
or any kind of like responsible
management of a non-profit foundation
through its Board of Directors or like
corporate governance or some concept
like that that's just a rumor that's out
there people were shocked when I said on
my youtube channel I didn't even know it
was the first one is that people who are
shocked when I refer to Wayne and Priya
as sleeping together I had people I
think was doing like two people I was
one I really remember people who were at
the top level of the
see and who knew Wayne like face to face
in present role I have people writing me
saying who told you that Wayne was
sleeping with Priya and like who told
you it was okay to talk about that at
YouTube's they were like confirming it I
was like what isn't it obvious
doesn't everyone know that and they
weren't acting like no no like that's
supposed to be secret nobody's supposed
to know that the top of the organization
is Wayne and the woman he's sleeping
with and you might not have noticed
there's been this subtle change
throughout the whole organization as
Priya's role has been minimized and
she's been pushed to the side and she's
increasingly doing her own thing on her
own Instagram and is no longer the face
of the leadership of direct action
everywhere and Cassie King is taking
over as the short exe hey good for her
good for and you know what as far as I
know these are all consenting adults I
do not know if Wayne is currently
sleeping with Cassie King or not I got
nothing but love for you you know what
my wish is you know what my dream is my
dream is that Cassie King gets pregnant
with Wayne's Yong's child they stop all
of this [ __ ] and they go and raise a
baby together and they just they stop
polluting vegan activism with their
insane horseshit that's my fantasy and
you know what you know what I'll take a
second best is that Wayne's young
finally goes to prison for 60 years
something he's been boasting about doing
for so long none of us would be in this
situation if the authorities in
California would just enforce the law
this guy breaks the law again and again
and again and he collects huge amounts
of money in donations going out in
eliciting people sympathy because he's
gonna go to prison for decades for his
convictions just put him in prison
already he knows what the law is she
knows that he's violating it he knows
why he's violating it he is a very clear
financial interest where he is
benefiting in terms of money fame power
respect sex yeah I said it's sex also
it's part of his sex life as rockstar
law breaking trespassing
sweets young it's part of the package
deal he flatters young people and uses
his leadership role in txt to impress
them and gain their trust well what I
suggest you do is send a message a
mentoring call and all of this is
premise on the idea that he's willing to
go to prison and he's begging you to go
to prison and he keeps breaking the law
he keeps going to court and the
government in California just won't
enforce the law against this guy and it
put Wayne out of his misery but the
whole organization out of her misery and
you know what maybe Cassie King whether
or not she's pregnant with Wayne's love
Jeff maybe she can take over the
leadership of that organization of bring
it in a more positive direction I have
seen Cassie make some intelligent videos
here on YouTube and some of them are on
Instagram I have seen her do some
intelligent things and some intelligent
work and that's more than I can say for
Wayne Wayne in my books is a grade-a
[ __ ] I've read his writing I've heard
his interviews I haven't just seen him
in YouTube videos Wayne is a complete
deadweight drag of the vegan movement I
hope he eliminates himself or I hope he
goes to prison or I hope he gets someone
pregnant and settles down and starts a
family already man the purpose of this
video in case you didn't guess is
basically to promote leafy greens who
started her series episode one I think
is gonna be less salacious and talked
about the nepo sowed two leafy greens is
a youtuber who was involved with direct
action everywhere in her teenage years
and she was involved with Wayne
personally in her teenage years and in
part two she's gonna talk more about
that personal relationship but part one
is nevertheless an expose and a
reflection on direct action everywhere
and its methods and why Wayne is a
terrible person or a terrible leader in
the big a movement okay here's my
reflection on this I feel sorry for
these
and it's not uniquely linked to veganism
why I feel sorry for them yeah I mean
the vast majority of the work that we do
we've done some of this abuse before
outside of slaughterhouses in factory
farms I feel sorry for these people
because a lot of them are reasonably
highly educated reasonably intelligent
physically fit people that they're not
disabled they're not physically or
mentally disabled that could do anything
with their lives they could pursue
political change and cultural change in
so many ways that could make the world a
better place in so many different ways
and they're trapped in a false ideology
premise on this assumption that the way
to change the world is to stand next to
the highway holding a piece of paper
with a slogan written on it chanting and
hollering as traffic goes by as people
drive their cars to pick up their
laundry pick up the dry-cleaning and go
food shopping mm-hmm
you know for prison for half a second
they see you holding this sign saying
Meat Is Murder
to run out on a baseball field and
interrupt the game for half a second so
a bunch of people who don't care like
who for half a second they get exposed
to the concept that Meat Is Murder
free-range is a myth or whatever it is
they've written on the sign for that day
this stupid
toxic counterproductive notion of what
politics itself is anymore you can't get
arrested and we're gonna we suggest you
get training into the
nonviolent resistance before you do it
yeah there is a young woman against the
story she's not she's now a middle-aged
woman no offense but she is there is a
woman who was in a controversy on
YouTube because she had accusations of
sexual misconduct against a prominent
left-wing political figure I'm keeping
this all anonymous intentionally so
about two years ago there was this
controversy and you know I noticed that
that woman she is now running she's
standing for election in a small town in
Michigan so like Wow okay so that's
someone who kind of turned it around but
she had a little bit of notoriety you
know a little bit of Fame or something
because of this weird situation with
sexual allegations and counter
allegations and the left-wing guy she
had the allegations against he was fired
from his job as a result of this
controversy result of what he did what
the allegations were put okay and I
thought well that's that's kind of a
positive thing but at some point in the
last few years she got into mainstream
party politics and she's now standing
for election or so I took her name and
put it into YouTube and you know with
YouTube you can change the amount of
time you're searching for you can search
for one day one week one month one year
and like the only YouTube video I found
of this woman from the last year despite
the fact that she's now running for up
she's standing for election she's
participating in politics I found one
video of her not related to the sex
scandal film one video of her leading a
protest standing there on the pavement
holding pieces of paper as traffic goes
by chanting and hollering and this is
their attempt to like end the war in
Iraq right like so I forget where the
University grades but I think she has a
degree in something like politics
political science she had some
universities hugeness it's like
and you think this is how you can
influence foreign policy and war and you
know the Congressional Budget Office or
you know Congress or the center however
you think of politics this is how you
think you can and should change the
world is standing on the sidewalk in the
cold chanting at people who have
absolutely no interest in even hearing
what you're chanting this is how you
want to pursue political change social
change cultural change with all your
education and background all the
opportunities you have in life and even
this limited opportunity we're enjoying
right now on YouTube to reach out to one
another and talk about politics and get
organized this paradigm you're trapped
in it the paradigm of protests of
outrage of outpouring of emotions and
then in Wayne's case in the case of
Wayne and Exe the next step of going to
prison of breaking the law and going to
jail you think that's the like the mark
of authenticity of taking it to the next
one you think that's the most effective
the most heroic form of activism and
they're dead wrong in every level and
years of their lives are going by
they're losing decades doing completely
counterproductive self-defeating
nonsense like the protest itself is
already counterproductive self-defeating
nonsense they're going to prison is
counterproductive self-defeating
nonsense and the singing and the
chanting and the holding signboards all
the rest of it and there is this thing
called democracy there's this real world
of the pursuit of political change and
there's this world of the arts and
filmmaking and broadcasting and I mean
you could do interpretive dance and have
more of an if you could use dance and
music to try to change the world you
know I care about the politics of China
I care about like communism and
democracy and when we talk about
politics there's past as present as
future what what do you wanna do about
it what do you want to do with pulse
china do we ever think are we ever
burdened by this you know delusion like
would I ever turn to my girlfriend and
say like well wow if you really care
about democracy in China what we should
do is get some pieces of paper and write
slogans on them and then go stand
by the side of the road and chance that
we want like democracy and elections in
China
that'll do it oh no wing let's take the
pieces of paper and the slogans of the
chanting and go inside a grocery store
and interrupt people buying their
groceries it's fundamentally stupid it's
a fundamentally flawed and broken and
pointless and counterproductive mode of
activism and the only insight Wings
young has brought to this is hey you can
make a lot of money if you keep
ratcheting up the drama if you keep
ratcheting up the consequences if you
increase the sense of danger and you
tell people you're going to prison for
sixty years or they can go to prison for
sixty years
if you up if you ratchet up the
martyrdom element then people will
really go for it and there's apparently
like an unseen mass of a hundred
thousand elderly people I guess they're
people old enough to remember the bad
old days of the communist revolutions of
the world who are gonna open up their
wallets and their checkbooks and write
you a check and send you money and
they're gonna tell you over there you
know good for you fight the fight I wish
I could be there with you but I'm too
old and rich so I'm just gonna pay you
to upload your [ __ ] drama mongering
shenanigans so that you will record
yourself covering yourself in manure
covering yourself in blood running into
a [ __ ] fast-food restaurant and
you're out so you'll do these stunts
film your stunts upload them to youtube
and then elderly rich people can watch
them as like some kind of political
trauma porn and sent you checks in the
mail that is the mode of activism that
wins young who started off with all
these sanctimonious lectures about
Mohandas Gandhi in India and dr. Martin
Luther King jr. and how he wanes young
had studied good he had taken his elite
level of education he's been to law
school he done the social science
research to figure out what was the most
effective form of vegan activism and
what did he do he reproduced all the
self destroy
the stupidity of peda people with
Ethical Treatment of Animals and the a
LF the Animal Liberation Front and
combine them into one big mess to get
himself thrown in prison
[Music]